it's his son
his only son
[Music]
i need to know who's responsible i'll
kill my son
we've deployed large amounts of time
money and effort
in the search for justice not good
enough it's gotta be an inside job
you're gonna have to go undercover
there's an army truck driver
we have a new addition may i introduce h
cash trucks can be dangerous
who is this lunatic what
did you work for suck my dick
what did you say i said
we need a different approach to us it's
not any of the usual suspects
what do you want me to do i can do it in
two weeks
what do you want to wish you could do in
20 years i need a face
i want you to understand what's useful
what serious i am
what i do bury grudge
if he's not a cop what is he
he's a dark spirit
[Music]
you